Add alt text for episodes 3-7 (#38)
datacarpentry/astronomy-python: _episodes/05-join.md

the stars selected based on proper motion:

<img width="300"

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan and Bonaca paper.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/gd1-3.png" alt="Color-magnitude diagram for the stars selected based on proper motion, from Price-Whelan & Bonaca, 2018 paper showing that the putative the GD-1 stars cluster around single isochrone, shown in red.">
```

it](https://chartio.com/learn/databases/how-does-indexing-work/).

<img

> src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/join.png" alt="Diagram showing relationship between the gaia_source, panstarrs1_best_neighbor, and panstarrs1_original_valid tables and result table.">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
src="https://github.com/datacarpentry/astronomy-python/raw/gh-pages/fig/join.png" alt="Diagram showing relationship between the gaia_source, panstarrs1_best_neighbor, and panstarrs1_original_valid tables and the table that results from joining gaia_source to panstarrs1_best_neighbor and joining again to panstarrs1_original_valid.">
```
